Extra theorems about subn minn and maxn (#517)
math-comp/math-comp: CHANGELOG_UNRELEASED.md

### Added

Added theorems about subtraction and min and max :

>        `subn_minr` `subn_maxr`i in `ssrnat.v`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
       `subn_minr` `subn_maxr` in `ssrnat.v`
```

- in `finset.v`, neq lemmas: `set_enum`, `cards_eqP`, `cards2P`
- in `fingraph.v`, new lemmas: `fcard_gt0P`, `fcard_gt1P`
- in `finset.v`, new lemmas: `properC`, `properCr`, `properCl`

> Added theorems about subtraction and min and max :
>        `subn_minr` `subn_maxr` in `ssrnat.v`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Added theorems about subtraction and min and max :
       `subn_minl` and `subn_maxl` in `ssrnat.v`
```

Author: :see_no_evil: Thanks!
